Remove duplicate of the documentation in the README (#6657)
PyCQA/pylint: README.rst

> Pylint

Reviewer: Can't we just use the README as `index.html`? I did the same for `pydocstringformatter`. We wouldn't need the duplication then.

Author: Done

> ======

Author: If we include the readme in the doc this part is a little strange 😄

> ======

Reviewer: Yeah that's true. Can we make the header a link? So that `Pylint` takes you to the documentation? I like how the link is so prominent. The `docs[passing]` button is not really the same.

> ======

Author: That's clever

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
    :target: https://github.com/ambv/black

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen
    :target: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint

.. image:: https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/PyCQA/pylint/main.svg
   :target: https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/PyCQA/pylint/main
   :alt: pre-commit.ci status

> What is Pylint ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is Pylint?
```

================

Pylint is a `static code analyser`_ for Python 2 or 3. The latest version supports Python
3.7.2 and above.

.. _`static code analyser`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_code_analysis

Pylint analyses your code without actually running it. It checks for errors, enforces a
coding standard, looks for `code smells`_, and can make suggestions about how the code
could be refactored. Pylint can infer actual values from your code using its internal
code representation (astroid). If your code is ``import logging as argparse``, Pylint
will know that ``argparse.error(...)`` is in fact a logging call and not an argparse call.

.. _`code smells`: https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CodeSmell.html

Pylint is highly configurable and permits to write plugins in order to add your

> own checks (for example for an internal libraries or internal rule). Pylint has an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
own checks (for example, for internal libraries or an internal rule). Pylint has an
```

> ecosystem of existing plugins for popular framework among them `pylint-django`_ or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ecosystem of existing plugins for popular frameworks such as `pylint-django`_ or
```

`pylint-i18n`_.

.. _`pylint-django`: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint-django
.. _`pylint-i18n`: https://github.com/amandasaurus/python-pylint-i18n

Pylint isn't smarter than you: it may warn you about things that you have

> conscientiously done or checks for some things that you don't care about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conscientiously done or check for some things that you don't care about.
```

During adoption, especially in a legacy project where pylint was never enforced,
it's best to start with the ``--errors-only`` flag, then disable
convention and refactor message with ``--disable=C,R`` and progressively
re-evaluate and re-enable messages as your priorities evolve.

Pylint ships with three additional tools:

- pyreverse_ (standalone tool that generates package and class diagrams.)
- symilar_  (duplicate code finder that is also integrated in pylint)
- epylint_ (Emacs and Flymake compatible Pylint)

.. _pyreverse: https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/pyreverse.html
.. _symilar: https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/symilar.html
.. _epylint: https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/ide_integration/flymake-emacs.html

Projects that you might want to use alongside pylint include flake8_ (faster and simpler checks
with very few false positives), mypy_, pyright_ or pyre_ (typing checks), bandit_ (security
oriented checks), black_ and isort_ (auto-formatting), autoflake_ (automated removal of

> unused import or variable), pyupgrade_ (automated upgrade to newer python syntax) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unused imports or variables), pyupgrade_ (automated upgrade to newer python syntax) and
```

pydocstringformatter_ (automated pep257).

.. _flake8: https://gitlab.com/pycqa/flake8/
.. _bandit: https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit
.. _mypy: https://github.com/python/mypy
.. _pyright: https://github.com/microsoft/pyright
.. _pyre: https://github.com/facebook/pyre-check
.. _black: https://github.com/psf/black
.. _autoflake: https://github.com/myint/autoflake
.. _pyupgrade: https://github.com/asottile/pyupgrade
.. _pydocstringformatter: https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter
.. _isort: https://pycqa.github.io/isort/

Install
-------

For command line use, pylint is installed with::

    pip install pylint

> It can also be integrated in most editors or IDE. More information can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be integrated in most editors or IDEs. More information can be found
```

`in the documentation`_.

.. _in the documentation: https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/installation.html

Contributing
------------

> We welcome all contributions, doc, code, checking issues for duplicate or telling us
> that we can close them, confirming that it's still an issue, `creating issues because
> you found a bug or want a feature`_... everything helps !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome all forms of contributions such as updates for documentation, new code, checking issues for duplicates or telling us
that we can close them, confirming that issues still exist, `creating issues because
you found a bug or want a feature`_, etc. Everything is much appreciated!
```

   :width: 200

>    :alt: Tidelift

Reviewer: Let's move the logo to the place it is being used.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 100
What is pylint ?
================

   * - |tideliftlogo|
     - Professional support for pylint is available as part of the `Tidelift
       Subscription`_.  Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for
       purchasing and maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances
       from the experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existing
       tools.
.. Do not modify this without also modifying doc/index.rst

.. _Tidelift Subscription: https://tidelift.com/subscription/pkg/pypi-pylint?utm_source=pypi-pylint&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme
Pylint is a `static code analyser`_ for Python 2 or 3. The latest version supports Python
3.7.2 and above.

.. _`static code analyser`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_code_analysis

======
Pylint
======
Pylint analyses your code without actually running it. It checks for errors, enforces a coding
standard, looks for `code smells`_, and can make suggestions about how the code could be refactored.

> **It's not just a linter that annoys you!**

Reviewer: Are we sure we want to remove the tagline?

Author: The tagline is still in the repo description, maybe that's enough or maybe we should change it to something descriptive, "A very configurable and thorough python static code analyzer`` for example ? I'm not a marketing person but I don't like the fact that we use "annoy" in our disclaimer 😄 Never saw a Coca cola add saying "Not just a beverage that makes you fat". How about "Code as you are" ?

Reviewer: Don't think we should change it:
https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=It%27s+not+just+a+linter+that+annoys+you&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

There seem to be some articles which use our tagline as their title. I don't mind having it at the top somewhere, but removing it is also fine.

Author: > Code as you are, not as you were.

🎸

Author: I saw that the title ``uncurled`` came from a [twitter thread](https://github.com/bagder/uncurled/issues/3#issuecomment-1091920617). maybe we can try to crowdsource the tagline 😄

Author: It would make sense to change it after #3512

Reviewer: Agreed!

.. _`code smells`: https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CodeSmell.html

Pylint is a Python static code analysis tool which looks for programming errors,
helps enforcing a coding standard, sniffs for code smells and offers simple refactoring
suggestions.
Pylint can infer actual values from your code using its internal code representation (astroid).
If your code is ``import logging as argparse``, Pylint will know that ``argparse.error(...)``
is in fact a logging call and not an argparse call.

It's highly configurable, having special pragmas to control its errors and warnings
from within your code, as well as from an extensive configuration file.
It is also possible to write your own plugins for adding your own checks or for

> extending pylint in one way or another.

Author: Probably need to include that in the intro for the documentation.

Reviewer: Yeah I think that the configurability is something we should stress.

Author: Done.

    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen
        :target: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint

> See how in `the badge documentation`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to add a badge to your documentation in the `the badge documentation`_.
```
